DOCSP-45188: Replace (#108)
mongodb/docs-ruby: source/write/replace.txt

To learn more about update operations, see the
:ref:`ruby-write-update` guide.

Sample Data
~~~~~~~~~~~

The examples in this guide use the ``restaurants`` collection in the ``sample_restaurants``
database from the :atlas:`Atlas sample datasets </sample-data>`. To access this collection
from your {+language+} application, create a ``MongoClient`` object that connects to an Atlas cluster
and assign the following values to your ``database`` and ``collection`` variables:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/replace.rb
    :language: ruby
    :dedent:
    :start-after: start-db-coll
    :end-before: end-db-coll

To learn how to create a free MongoDB Atlas cluster and load the sample datasets, see the
:atlas:`Get Started with Atlas </getting-started>` guide.

Replace Operation
-----------------

You can perform a replace operation in MongoDB by using the
``replace_one`` method. This method removes all fields except the
``_id`` field from the first document that matches the specified query filter. It
then adds the fields and values you specify to the empty document.

Required Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You must pass the following parameters to the ``replace_one`` method:

> - **Query filter**: Matches which documents to update. To learn

Reviewer: S: Matches doesn't seem like the right word in this context imo
```suggestion
- **Query filter**: Specifies which documents to update. To learn
```

  more about query filters, see the :ref:`ruby-specify-query`
  guide.

- **Replacement document**: Specifies the fields and values that
  you want to replace the existing fields and values with.

Replace One Document

> --------------------

Reviewer: Having this heading here made me think the page was missing a Replace Many header or something. Since this whole page is just about the replace_one method, I don't think this header is necessary

Reviewer: Could also move this change this header to be one level down (with `~~~` instead) and call it Replace Example or something similar

         Validation </core/schema-validation/#schema-validation>` in the {+mdb-server+} manual.
       | Defaults to ``false``.

   * - ``collation``
     - | Specifies the kind of language collation to use when sorting
         results. For more information, see :manual:`Collation </reference/collation/#std-label-collation>`
         in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

   * - ``session``
     - | Specifies the session to use for the operation. To learn more about sessions, see
         :manual:`Client Sessions and Causal Consistency Guarantees </core/read-isolation-consistency-recency/#std-label-sessions>`
         in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

   * - ``hint``
     - | Sets the index to use when matching documents. 
         For more information, see the :manual:`hint statement
         </reference/method/db.collection.replaceOne/#std-label-replace-one-hint>`
         in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

   * - ``let``
     - | Provides a map of parameter names and values to set top-level
         variables for the operation. Values must be constant or closed
         expressions that don't reference document fields.

> The following code performs the same replace operation as above, but sets the ``upsert``

Reviewer: [Style guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#std-term-above) - use "preceding" to locate information on a page
```suggestion
The following code performs the same replace operation as the preceding example, but sets the ``upsert``
```
